yo what's going on for the geek back
once again this time with some gameplay
for fruit ninja which is a very popular
Android and iOS game it's even for the
Kinect that you can play so let's go
ahead and jump right in so as you can
see it tried to give me a little hint
let's go ahead and slice new game let's
go with let's go classic now basically
if you don't know what this game is you
slice fruit like literally that's pretty
much fruit flies up on the screen and
you have to slice it with your finger so
yeah oh shoot I don't know about that I
don't know about the bomb yeah this is
literally my first time playing it so
well that's let's go and give it again
so alright let's do not slice the bombs
now this game just came out today as a
SAP like nobody I don't even know
anybody that even expected this game to
come out but it did for the PlayStation
Vita today for $7.99 actually okay so
basically now that I know what's going
on it's getting a lot better
all right so I have my streak going
I'm I have to use two hands now
I missed no there we go so I got that I
know it sounds like a trophy or
something
wait what'd I miss one okay nice give me
12 hits okay mister no game over all
right let's try this one more time I
could connect it to my Twitter I'm not
really gonna do that matter of fact
let's go ahead and it's back out of here
okay so let's go ahead and see what are
the modes there we have so it's extras
keep on forgetting that you have to
slice the thing so we have challenges
allow Facebook posting no you see the
challenges get a score of 50 in classic
mode before I do I did do that okay get
a score of a hundred in classic mode all
right 200 150 500,000 okay so that's
pretty cool
just back out uh let's go back again now
let's see let's see the dojo all right
sensei swag oh my goodness that sounds
interesting I have no idea what this is
original blade selected okay
okay yeah
all right so I see let's see let's try
this see what that happens see what
happens when I do that I mean guts ooze
cards bomb D flex what is that all right
back it up I'm definitely not going to
buy something to to prolong my time with
this game let's try online and see if if
anybody's actually connecting and
playing on there okay let's do let's do
ranked online see if I can get somebody
to play against I have no idea how this
game plays online is it like half screen
or is it a whole bunch of fruit is
flying up and you have to like slice it
and see who gets it first something
tells me this isn't going to happen
all righty then I guess that isn't gonna
happen so let's let's uh I can't I don't
have anyone to invite so let's I don't
know let's try let's try this in mode
and see what's in here
oh shoot hey I'm gonna start sounds
crazy this is definitely a pretty easy
pickup casual sitting on the toilet
sitting on the you know sitting on the
the plane sitting on the bus type of
commuting game I'll say
okay so I see so it's a countdown I
wasn't paying attention did I miss one
all right come on give me the last ones
all right so one sixty four okay that's
good is it at least for me it's my new
best but uh anyways that is all for this
video like I was saying this is fruit
ninja for the PlayStation Vita
unexpectedly
came out today which is August 13th
yeah it's $7.99 on the PlayStation Store
so if you're interested go ahead and
give it a try and download it please